Spine Runtimes Software License
Version 2.1

Copyright (c) 2013, Esoteric Software
All rights reserved.

You are granted a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and
non-transferable license to install, execute and perform the Spine Runtimes
Software (the "Software") solely for internal use. Without the written
permission of Esoteric Software (typically granted by licensing Spine), you
may not (a) modify, translate, adapt or otherwise create derivative works,
improvements of the Software or develop new applications using the Software
or (b) remove, delete, alter or obscure any trademarks or any copyright,
trademark, patent or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices
on or in the Software, including any copy thereof. Redistributions in binary
or source form must include this license and terms.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ESOTERIC SOFTWARE "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ESOTERIC SOFTARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
