Spine Runtimes Software License v2.5

Copyright (c) 2013-2016, Esoteric Software
All rights reserved.

You are granted a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and
non-transferable license to use, install, execute, and perform the Spine
Runtimes software and derivative works solely for personal or internal
use. Without the written permission of Esoteric Software (see Section 2 of
the Spine Software License Agreement), you may not (a) modify, translate,
adapt, or develop new applications using the Spine Runtimes or otherwise
create derivative works or improvements of the Spine Runtimes or (b) remove,
delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent,
or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices on or in the
Software, including any copy thereof. Redistributions in binary or source
form must include this license and terms.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ESOTERIC SOFTWARE "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ESOTERIC SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.